Add some performance configs and 3.1 fixes (#475)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-automated-provision.adoc

* xref:airgap-deployment[]

[IMPORTANT NOTE]
====
The following sections show how to prepare the different scenarios for the directed network provisioning workflow using ATIP.
If you want to see some examples of the configurations to deploy the different scenarios, see the following repository: https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/release-3.1/telco-examples/edge-clusters[SUSE ATIP examples].

> You could find the different configurations for the `EIB` and the `Metal^3^` charts as well as some examples for the different scenarios (airgap, connected, private registry, dhcp, dhcp-less, etc).

Reviewer: For examples of the different configurations options for deployment (incl. air-gapped environments, DHCP and DHCP-less networks, private container registries, etc.), see the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/release-3.1/telco-examples/edge-clusters[SUSE ATIP repository].

> The following sections show how to prepare the different scenarios for the directed network provisioning workflow using ATIP.
> If you want to see some examples of the configurations to deploy the different scenarios, see the following repository: https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/release-3.1/telco-examples/edge-clusters[SUSE ATIP examples].
> You could find the different configurations for the `EIB` and the `Metal^3^` charts as well as some examples for the different scenarios (airgap, connected, private registry, dhcp, dhcp-less, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples of the different configurations options for deployment (incl. air-gapped environments, DHCP and DHCP-less networks, private container registries, etc.), see the https://github.com/suse-edge/atip/tree/release-3.1/telco-examples/edge-clusters[SUSE ATIP repository].
```

Author: changed

* `downstream-cluster-airgap-config.yaml` is the image definition file, see <<quickstart-eib>> for more details.
* The base image when downloaded is `xz` compressed, which must be uncompressed with `unxz` and copied/moved under the `base-images` folder.
* The `network` folder is optional, see <<add-network-eib>> for more details.
* The `custom/scripts` directory contains scripts to be run on first-boot:
    1. `01-fix-growfs.sh` script is required to resize the OS root partition on deployment.

>     2. For air-gap scenarios, a script `02-airgap.sh` is required to copy the images to the right place during the image creation process.

Reviewer: To keep up the consistency:
```suggestion
    2. `02-airgap.sh` script is required to copy the images to the right place during the image creation process for air-gapped environments.
```

Author: changed

cp rke2-images*.tar.zst rke2.linux-amd64.tar.gz sha256sum-amd64.txt /opt/rke2-artifacts/
----

[#add-custom-script-performance2]
===== Performance script

> The following optional script (`custom/scripts/03-performance.sh`) can be used to configure the system for performance tuning:

Reviewer: I don't think the content of these scripts is relevant for the reader. It's about getting the files to the filesystem and it is rather an implementation detail but I'd let @hardys chime in on this.

Perhaps in the future we can use the new [OS files](https://github.com/suse-edge/edge-image-builder/blob/main/docs/building-images.md#operating-system-files) functionality of EIB and simplify this.

Author: I think just to make it consistent we need to show it until we can automate it with the os files as you said, but we must show the script content to explain it by now.
